event broker follow ups (#1279)
cap-js/docs: guides/messaging/event-broker.md

[Learn more about `cds.env` profiles](../../node.js/cds-env#profiles){.learn-more}

::: tip Local Testing

> Since SAP Event Broker sends events via HTTP, local TODO

Author: cf. https://github.com/cap-js/docs/pull/1198/files#r1751887937

Author: @David-Kunz what did you want to say here?

Reviewer: oh, let me fix that

Reviewer: done

Author: > done

where?

> Since SAP Event Broker sends events via HTTP, you won't be able to receive events on your local machine unless you use a tunneling service. It's therefore recommended to use a messaging service of kind [`local-messaging`](../../node.js/messaging#local-messaging) for local testing.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Since SAP Event Broker sends events via HTTP, you won't be able to receive events on your local machine unless you use a tunneling service. Therefore we recommend to use a messaging service of kind [`local-messaging`](../../node.js/messaging#local-messaging) for local testing.
```
